[DOCS] prepare RN in Libraries for publishing (#2917)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-libraries: microservices/model-download/docs/user-guide/release-notes.md

**Fixed**

- **Uploaded Model Name Validation**: preserves letter case, converts spaces to underscores, and rejects unsafe or malformed names with clearer errors.

> - **Updated the default container UID/GID to 1000**: to align with host user permissions and simplify volume access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Updated the default container UID/GID to 1000**: aligns with host user permissions and simplifies volume access.
```
